hi we're at the divergent mint tea and
dog books culinary salon for books
bloggers and supper clubs and I am so
pleased to welcome deck Ronin thank you
so much for joining us thanks for having
me and you've been having a whirlwind
tour of the UK it's been very
interesting if you did here so I've been
here since um I think this might fit
I've been here since Thursday v j6 -
yeah I'm and so I've been I've been
though in and out of London jet lag is
semi under control
yeah the jet lag is fine just died just
a lot of traveling within the UK well
I've been enjoying your cookbook so much
I mean both doing the recipes but also
reading it and you have such a fantastic
toe none of the people talk about this
when they write about your book this
just kind of friendly way you have about
talking about food and it really does
seem to inspire this feeling of comfort
amongst your readers I mean you must
find that from the interaction that you
get from people yeah I thank you well I
mean I don't really know how to speak in
any kind of authoritative way about food
I'm not really interested in speaking
the authoritative way about food I think
there enough people who can tell you
what you're doing wrong in the kitchen
or how you should be cooking so I'm much
more interested in just talking to
people the way I would like to be spoken
to about cooking I always this is me
showing my age probably but I'm I
remember when kitchen and phone Ted
kord's
and we had the very long ones in the
kitchen and I always remember like you
know mom being on the phone to a cousin
or a friend and they were explaining how
to make a recipe like oh you just do it
this way yeah don't worry about that
it's gonna get a little Brown at the
edges and that kind of okay yeah yeah no
but it's just this reassuring non
patronizing totally on bossy way of
talking about food and I love that I
just think that's how everybody you know
when I'm talking about home cooking I
think that's a nice way to and I think
the channel but there's a nice sense of
obsessiveness about your about your work
as well which is great because it's a
reader you think she really knows this
recipe is gonna work which you don't
always get but you're not afraid to test
it and tested and tested again and again
until you get it the way you want it
well what's the point otherwise I mean
no I'd like to put my name on something
that I feel mediocre about a fast I
think this might work I'm just gonna
right now that seems like a terrible
idea so I feel like there's enough
he's out there if you need a recipe for
chocolate cake you don't need to come to
me but how are you going to know that
some chocolate cake recipe that you
google on the internet is going to work
for you what are you gonna do if it
doesn't work it's not gonna apologize so
I think in the end it really comes down
to you reliable recipe sources and some
somebody or some you know publication
that's going to make sure that it works
every time no matter what you do and
maybe anticipate the places where it
might be weird like the cake batter
might look rough here or it might seem
too thick to spread in the pan or all of
those things that I wish more recipes
would warn me about and really and you
talk about cooking out of this tiny
kitchen and if you actually go into a
smaller kitchen than you had before yeah
I don't always make the best decision
for myself it's what 42 squirts token
video yeah I mean it's small but you
know I was cooking on a houseboat today
and the kitchen was smaller but I
actually liked it better yeah everyone
Ella but the delay out was fantastic
I don't think you people need as much
space as they need they need to organize
a little bit they need to get the
clutter off their counter they need to
like remove the canisters and make sure
they they can use the space they have
but I don't I don't think we need this
much space as we think we do this is
what I tell myself if I had a bigger
kitchen I would be fine with that too so
what's next I mean the blog is amazing
people love it the cookbook is doing
amazingly well anything that we should
look forward to world domination
anything that's no I'm not knocking on
anything I don't I don't have plant
that's just not the way I work at all I
really just enjoy keeping up the site
and I've been promoting the book since
it came out and that's about it it says
great no no more for me that's good
great well thank you for coming to help
celebrate different entities 50th
birthday thank you for joining us to
program thank you thank you